docs: release notes v1.0.3 (#379)
vuestorefront/bigcommerce: docs/releases/release-notes-v1-0-3.md

# v1.0.3 release notes

## Introduction

> Main changes in new release:
> - Support for Node 16
> - Update of `@vue-storefront/core` to v2.5.6
> - Improvement of template performance by optimising the images
> - `useCategoryTree` composable no longer requires the `id` param. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `1.0.3` released we:
- migrated to Node 16, which from this release is the minimum version required for this integration,
- upgraded to `2.5.6` version of the `@vue-storefront/core` package,
- improved performance by optimizing images in templates,
- removed the `id` parameter from the `useCategoryTree` composable.

To upgrade your projects, follow the instructions below.
```

> ## Node 16
> 
> Our recommendation is to use the Node 16 with BigCommerce integration for Vue Storefront 2.
> 
> ```diff
> # package.json
> 
> + "engines": {
> +   "node": ">=16.x"
> + },
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade to Node 16

The integration starting from this release requires Node 16. There are no changes that need to be applied to the projects unless you use 3rd party dependencies not present in Vue Storefront by default that don't support it.

To ensure that you don't run an older version of Node by mistake, add the `engines` configuration to the `package.json` file:

```diff
# package.json

+ "engines": {
+   "node": ">=16.x"
+ },
```
```

> ## `useCategoryTree` composable
> 
> BigCommerce responds with the same category tree items each time the request is made. Because of that, `useCategoryTree` composable is a singleton now. It no longer requires the `id` param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remove parameter from the `useCategoryTree` composable

The BigCommerce API responds with the same category tree every time you call the `load` method from the `useCategoryTree` composable. For this reason, there is no need to pass the ID to the `useCategoryTree` composable because it can share the data between multiple instances. For this reason, we decided to remove the ID parameter from this composable, so you should do it too in your project.
```
